src/data/about.md, before:

# Intro

After 3+ years at [Stripe](https://stripe.com/ie) where I was a Product Specialist, I'm looking for new opportunities. At Stripe I resolved some of Stripe's largest users issues, trained 1000+ new hires on the product I was an SME for, built tools and knowledge bases to help support agents resolve user issues quickly and correctly. If you think I can be helpful to you or would like to meet me, please feel free to get in touch.
# Currently

I'm currently refreshing my engineering and development skills by building this website, completing [Harvards CS50](https://cs50.harvard.edu/x/2023/) as well as some [Code with Mosh](https://codewithmosh.com/courses/) courses. 

# I like

- running
- football
- skiing
- sailing and the sea
- space / astronomy
- books - let me know if you have any recommendations
- podcasts ([The Daily](https://www.nytimes.com/column/the-daily), [Planet Money](https://www.npr.org/sections/money/), [The Economist](http://radio.economist.com/), [HubermanLab](https://hubermanlab.com/category/podcast-episodes/),  and others)
- [good design](https://rinmcc.github.io/personal-site/)

# Fun facts

- I previously played football for an academy that allowed me to compete internationally.
- I've snorkeled with Whale Sharks, Black-tip Reef Shark, Eagle Ray and Oceanic Manta. 
- at one point I had memorized every flag and capital city in the world. I'm still pretty good with flags but have forgotten a lot of those city combo's.


# I dream of

- preventing as many "bad days" for customers as possible.
- doing better.
- opening a restaurant.
- having an Arsenal season ticket.
- travelling to every continent.
- seeing wild Rhino, Tigers and snorkelling with more marine life.

Commit message:

Updating website to reflect my new AWS role

src/data/about.md, after:

# Intro

After 3+ years at [Stripe](https://stripe.com/ie) where I was a Product Specialist, I'm looking for new opportunities. At Stripe I resolved some of Stripe's largest users issues, trained 1000+ new hires on the product I was an SME for, built tools and knowledge bases to help support agents resolve user issues quickly and correctly. If you think I can be helpful to you or would like to meet me, please feel free to get in touch.
# Currently
I've recently joined [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/plans/enterprise/) as a Technical Customer Service Builder. On September 4th I started spinning-up and am looking forward to seeing what opportunities I will have in this role. If you're a past or present Amazonian please reach out with any advice you have on getting started / getting the most out of working at AWS!

I'm also refreshing my engineering and development skills by building this website, completing [Harvards CS50](https://cs50.harvard.edu/x/2023/) as well as some [Code with Mosh](https://codewithmosh.com/courses/) courses. 

# I like

- running
- football
- skiing
- sailing and the sea
- space / astronomy
- books - let me know if you have any recommendations
- podcasts ([The Daily](https://www.nytimes.com/column/the-daily), [Planet Money](https://www.npr.org/sections/money/), [The Economist](http://radio.economist.com/), [HubermanLab](https://hubermanlab.com/category/podcast-episodes/),  and others)
- [good design](https://rinmcc.github.io/rinmcc.io/)

# Fun facts

- I previously played football for an academy that allowed me to compete internationally.
- I've snorkeled with Whale Sharks, Black-tip Reef Shark, Eagle Ray and Oceanic Manta. 
- at one point I had memorized every flag and capital city in the world. I'm still pretty good with flags but have forgotten a lot of those city combo's.


# I dream of

- preventing as many "bad days" for customers as possible.
- doing better.
- opening a restaurant.
- having an Arsenal season ticket.
- travelling to every continent.
- seeing wild Rhino, Tigers and snorkelling with more marine life.
